Update docker deployment (#825)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/run-deploy/deploy/docker/production.md

## Production ready Dockerfile

The following Dockerfile contains the minimum configuration settings to deploy your application to production.

> This template assumes that you provide a `requirements.txt` file with all the Python dependencies of your application and that your application entry point is the file `main.py.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template assumes that you provide a `requirements.txt` file with all the Python
dependencies of your application and that your application entry point is the file `main.py.`
```

WORKDIR /home/taipy
ENV PATH="${PATH}:/home/taipy/.local/bin"

# Update pip
RUN python -m pip install --upgrade pip

# Install application's dependencies
COPY requirements.txt .
RUN python -m pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install your application
COPY . .

# Start up command

> ENTRYPOINT [ "python", "main.py", "-P", "5000", "-H", "0.0.0.0", "--no-reloader" ]

Reviewer: why not `taipy run` ?

Author: Good point! Do we all agree that this is the right thing to do?

Reviewer: I would say yes. I can't see any reason not to.

Reviewer 2: One reason could be 'keeping simple things simple'?

## Production ready Docker Compose

> Exposing your application directly to the Internet is not recommended. Let [Nginx](https://nginx.org) handle this responsibility better for security and reliability. Consequently, beside your `docker-compose.yaml`, create a file named `nginx.conf` with [the following content](./nginx.conf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposing your application directly to the Internet is not recommended. Letting
[Nginx](https://nginx.org) handle the responsibility is better for security and reliability.
Consequently, besides your `docker-compose.yaml`, create a file named `nginx.conf` with 
[the following content](./nginx.conf).
```
